# User Journey

A club DJ has a huge gig for the next weekend. They want to freshen up their playlists with new songs that the audience will love. After hours of searching through Beatport and Beatsource libraries, they compile a set of songs they enjoy. Now, they have to skim through their selected songs to find which ones blend together and which ones don’t. The next week, this DJ decides to take a different approach to song selection. They find themselves on the Discovery page of CratePilot, which contains the prompt box and the customizable selection criteria. The DJ enters their desired song type (tech house, rooftop at nighttime) and moves the BPM slider to their desired range. Our AI program will think and output a set of tracks that span the desired set length and match the specifications in the prompt. Note that our program will not mix the songs automatically, but rather provide the user with songs that will hopefully blend. The DJ will be able to reprompt our AI if the crate selection was not to their liking. The AI will have the ability to change around songs as prompted. After the DJ is satisfied, they can save the crate to their library, and it will essentially appear like a playlist of songs. They will be able to see each song’s metadata and album cover. The DJ will then have the ability to export the crate to their DJ software of choice and start mixing. They will likely have to purchase the tracks before this step, since tracks on Beatport and Beatsource cost money to download. This crate will have songs that mesh well, so during the set, the DJ will have much less issues with key clashes and awkward tempo jumps.
